I prepared the final draft and then got the group together to practice presenting it before tomorrow. We did it many times and got it to 1 minute and 57 seconds. Here is our script:

W: Over the course of the semester, my collaborators and I designed a smart garbage can that reads height and weight information of the trash and sends that data to the cloud. In order to analyze our product and determine how well it was received, we asked customers questions about our product to get their general opinions. While the beta test is crucial to establish outside opinions and views on a topic, it turns out it is not always be a great representation of data. 

M: We learned many essential points about both the beta and public opinion by posting on many social media websites, including Facebook. We also handed out flyers to people throughout the city giving a short description/sales pitch about our product. We had over 300 different people visit our website in the last few weeks. While this summed to 35 sign ups on our beta, (a little over 10%), very few gave data or information we could work with. One reason for this was probably because people did not know what a beta is and how important it was to our project.

R: After getting some responses from a couple of people, we pieced together an explanation for why we had fewer potential customers than we expected. One customer replied to our email asking, “How accurate is the weight sensor at the upper range? Please clear this up.” I also spoke to a friend who is an engineer at Stony Brook asking him to speak to his engineering marketing professor regarding our product. My friend quoted the professor saying, “I think you guys need to step back and see if you're solving a real problem that people have every day.” He also said, “Your idea is not useless, it is simply useless in the consumer market currently".

G: Overall these responses help us understand how we can make changes to help our product succeed. We realized that our website was not clear enough and it lacked a lot of important information about our product, such as weight and height limits and accuracy at the upper extremes. We should also begin focusing on ways the SmartCan can be useful to the consumer market, such as using it to help the environment become cleaner. As a result, we will work to meet the demand of our customers. After all, it’s not what we want or what we think they will want, but what these people will actually use. Thank you.
