(Background Music and Introduction) → Video of our "factory", our "workers" working and materials

You ever wonder how much trash you throw out daily, weekly, monthly and even annually? People just keep tossing out waste, not 
knowing how much they contribute to the world’s garbage. Add up the amount of garbage you dispose and understand that the rest of
the population is eliminating just as much trash if not even more. Throwing out trash is crucial, but how can you monitor and 
minimize how much waste you expose of per day? Introducing the first residential smart garbage can. 

Hello, my name is Mateen (and I am Ross) and we are “SmartCan”.

Mateen:  Being a group of engineering college students, we realized the absurd amount of times we let the trashcan get full 
without taking it out. We then attempt to close the bag, only to find out that the bag does not shut . After struggling to 
finally close it, the bag rips because it is too heavy and now the garbage is all on the floor.

Ross:  This is where the SmartCan comes in. The SmartCan is a cloud-connected garbage can with sensors that monitor the weight and
height of the trash you dispose. If your trash exceeds a certain distance or if the load gets too heavy, you, the user, gets 
notified from the cloud and you can then take out the trash without hurting your back from the heavy load or worrying about 
getting the garbage all over the place.

Mateen:  Monitoring the weight also allows the user to get a good understanding of how much garbage is getting eliminated daily.
But think about the 8 billion people across the world. You can be a part of the solution by using your SmartCan. See how much 
you waste and let that change your life.

Ross:  The SmartCan is a very time consuming and expensive product to build by hand. This is where YOU come in. With your help, 
we would be able to afford each component required to build the can, plus get help from manufacturers to design the product.
By donating just $35 or more, you will be one of the first people to receive a SmartCan.  

Mateen:  With your support, we can make our vision a reality. Thanks for watching our video. We are looking forward to hearing 
from you.
