Here are some of the definitions that I thought would be confusing on the site, so I thus defined them here.

Benchmarking: "The Google Analytics service gives users a view into how their Website is performing in comparison to other Websites
of similar size. Benchmarking allows you to compare your site's Analytics data, including visits, page views, bounce rate, average
time on site and other metrics against data from other participating Websites." (http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Bounce Rate: "The percentage of visits in which the visitor only views one page of your Website before leaving is known as the 
Bounce Rate. With Bounce Rate information, you can analyze the quality of user visits. A high Bounce Rate often indicates that 
your pages are not relevant to what your visitors are looking for. You can lower your bounce rate by generating better targeted 
ads and Landing Pages, as well as creating quality content that will engage visitors and draw them into your Website." 
(http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Page View: "The amount of times visitors arrive on individual pages of your Website. If a user reloads a page, that action will 
be counted as an additional page view. If a visitor navigates to a different page and then returns to the original page, a second
Page View will be recorded as well. Page views allow you to see which pages on your site are the most popular."
(http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Time on Site: "The average length of time a visitor spends accessing your site within a specified time period. You can use this 
data to measure the effectiveness and quality of your Website. The longer visitors spend on your site, the more informative and 
interactive your site is." (http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Traffic: "The total number of visits to your Website. Within Google Analytics, traffic can be divided into multiple categories 
including, direct, organic and paid." (http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Traffic Sources: "Where your traffic is coming from. Google Analytics includes information on which sites your visitors are coming
to your Website from as well as what keywords they are using to get to your Website."
(http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Unique Visitor: "The number of individual (non-duplicate) visitors to a site over the course of a specific time period. This data
is determined by cookies that are stored in visitor browsers." (http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Visitor: "The person who goes to a Website. The "Visitor" section of Google Analytics offers data and reports concerning the 
behavior of the visitors that frequent your Website." (http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Visitor Session: "The time a visitor spends on a Website. The longer a visitor stays on your Website, the more relevant it appears
to search engines. To increase the amount of time visitors stay on your site, it is important to present informative content, 
easy to use navigation, and up to date information on your brand, products and services." 
(http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)

Visits: "The amount of times your Website is accessed. This data allows you to see how effectively your Website is being promoted.
Watching the trends in your visits allows you to analyze which aspects of your online marketing are working."
(http://www.epower.com/google-analytics-glossary.php)
