MIDTERM PRESENTATION:

Introduction and Problem Statement: Tired of carrying a heavy garbage bag and always ripping it? Missing your opportunity to take
the trash out at the right time? People are often lazy and they keep filling their garbage can to the brim. They are forced to 
attempt to close the bag, only to realize it either does not close or is now too heavy. However, they now have no option but to 
struggle taking the bag outside. But, whoops! The bag rips and all of their garbage is now back on the ground. Introducing the 
first residential smart garbage can! This "SmartCan" is connected to the cloud and can let you know when it is the perfect time 
to take out your trash.

Progress: So far, we have acquired a digital scale, an infrared distance sensor, and a spark core. This will enable us to measure
the weight of the scale and the height of the garbage and send the information to the cloud. We have connected the spark core to 
the Internet, as well as have constructed the framework of a program that will run on the user's phone, which will take the 
information and notify users when the garbage weighs too much, or is full.

Next Steps (Prototype): Our next steps on the technical side include connecting our peripheral devices to the spark core. This 
involves wiring the distance sensor into the circuit, and hacking into the digital scale’s load cell to connect it to our core. 
We then have to mock up a first physical model, and code the iOS app that will tie everything together.

Next Steps (Beta): Our next steps also require Beta Testing customers who are interested in our product. We will give people 
fliers, telling them to join our mailing list/beta if they are interested and want to learn more about our product. Once they are
joined, the prospective customers will be split into three different groups. All groups will be given the same information about
the product however, one group will be told the SmartCan is worth $25, another will be told it is worth $50 and the final group 
will be told it is worth $75. At the end of the testing, based on what the results are, we will base our final pricing and 
opinions on its effectiveness. Come speak to us regarding joining our beta to get more information about our product as the 
release date of January 1, 2015 comes near!
