This is a rough draft of our final presentation. It still needs work done, however we will be receiving the input of the class
when we present to them.

Throughout the process of working on the SmartCan, my group and I learned many essential points about the beta. While the beta is
crucial to establish outside opinions and views on a topic, it is not quite a good representation of data. We posted our product 
on many social media websites, including Facebook and Twitch TV. We also handed out fliers to people, discussing what our product
is. While we had 34 sign ups on our beta test, this was mostly people we knew trying to help us out. Although there were a few 
random people, they were generally “trolling” our beta. For instance, I would like to know who is scubadoouche@hotmail.com or 
sumshit@gmail.com. Many people also do not know what specifically a beta is. 

Our website had a total of 325 sessions/views throughout the time it was posted, with a total of 268 users. Subtract the 30 users
we knew from the beta, and you will get that only the other 4 out of 238 signed up. One might ask, how is that possible? Well the
real answer is that they simply did not like our product. We also paid $20 to get a status on Facebook boosted to around 50,000 
people in the United States, Israel and UAE. 112 people liked our status, while absolutely none of them joined our beta! NONE! 
This certainly proves that people were not aficionados of the SmartCan. 

One final problem that we encountered was that people generally do not care. We attempted to hand out fliers both in New York City
and our suburban hometowns of Long Island and Toms River. What were people’s responses? Well, we noted that they grabbed the flier
from us and acted as if they cared. As soon as they walked further from us, the paper got crumpled up into a ball and thrown into
the nearest garbage can.

Many inventions come into a market, but not many make it out successful. It was an interesting experience to work on our first 
official product, however we are sad to say we did not get the results we wanted. We appreciate any and all of your support, but 
the SmartCan will no longer be designed. Thanks.
