Over the course of the semester, my collaborators and I designed a smart garbage can that reads height and weight information of
the trash and sends that data to the cloud. In order to analyze the product and determine how well it was received, we decided to
undergo beta testing: we asked customers questions about our product to get their general opinions. Throughout the process of 
working on the SmartCan, together we learned many essential points about both the beta and public opinions on idea expansion. 
While the beta is crucial to establish outside opinions and views on a topic, it is not always a great representation of data. 

We posted our product on many social media websites, including Facebook. We also handed out flyers to people throughout the city 
giving a short description/sales pitch about our product. We had over 300 people visit our website in the last few weeks. While 
this summed to 35 sign ups on our beta, (a little over 10%) very few gave data or information we could work with. One reason for
this was probably because people do not know what specifically a beta is and the significance it had on our project. 

After getting some responses from a couple of people, we pieced together an explanation for why we had fewer potential customers 
than we expected. One customer replied to our email asking, “How accurate is the weight sensor at the upper range? How high can 
that sensor go? Please clear this up.” I also spoke to a friend who is an engineer at Stony Brook asking him to speak to his 
engineering marketing professor regarding our product. My friend quoted the professor saying, “I think you guys need to step back
and see if you're solving a real problem that people have every day.” He also said, “Your idea is not useless, it is simply 
useless in the consumer market currently.”

Overall these responses help us understand how we can make changes to help our product succeed. We realized that our website was 
not clear enough and it lacked a lot of important information about our product, such as weight and height limits and accuracy at
the upper levels. We should also begin focusing on ways the SmartCan can be useful to the consumer market, because it has come to
our attention that currently it is not. Perhaps we can use it as a method to help the environment be cleaner. As a result, we will
work to meet the demand of our customers. After all, it’s not what we want or what we think they will want, but what these people
actually will use. Thank you.
